# State of Turing

## Back-End Program with Josh Mejia

### 1603

- Started with 12 students and all 12 graduated

### 1605

- Started with 22 students
- 2 left the program
- 1 student is returning after some time off
- 1605 moves on to Module 4 with 21 students

### 1606-B

- Started with 17 students
- 1 is repeating
- Moving to Module 3 with 16 students

### 1608-B

- 1608 started Module 1 with 26 students
- 1 student is taking time off
- 3 students left the program
- 5 students are repeating
- 17 students are moving on to Module 2

### 1610-B

- 1610 starts with 23 new students
- Joined by 5 students repeating Mod 1
- Total class size is 28

### Staffing

- Ilana Corsen Joins as a Teaching Assistant and filling the Student Support role
- Lauren Fazeh will be joining as an Assistant Instructor on October 10th
- Meeka has moved to the Front-End program to teach Mod 2
- Module 1 is anchored by Jeff with Beth and Mike supporting
- Module 2 is Anchored by Casey with Sal supporting
- Module 3 is anchored by Josh with Sally and Lauren supporting
- Module 4 is anchored by Nate with Andrew supporting

## Front-End Program with Steve Kinney

### 1606-f

- 1606 started Module 2 with 17 students
- One student was a transfer from the backend program and graduated successfully from Turing
- 1 student is taking a module off
- 15 students are moving on to Module 3

### 1608-f

- 1608 started out with 21 students in Module 1
- 1 student left the program
- 3 students are repeating Module 1
- 17 students  are moving on to Module 2

### 1610-f

- 18 new students join us in Module 1
- They are joined by 3 folks repeating Mod 1
- For a total of 21 students

### Staffing

- Kris Foss joins part-time in the Student Support role
- Robbie Jaeger and Taylor Moore are joining as TAs
- Brittany Storoz started in the middle of last module.
  - She is remote from Boston, but here today
- Meeka has moved from the back-end program to the front-end program.
- Module 1 is anchored by Louisa with support from Bree and Robbie
- Module 2 is anchored by Jhun with support from Meeka and Taylor
- Module 3 is anchored by Steve with support from Brenna and Brittany

## Enrollments & Admissions with Erin Williams

### Enrollments Snapshot

* Both 1610 cohorts begin today with full rosters for 41 new students
* The November backend cohort is 67% full with 16 students
* November's frontend is 83% full with 15 students
* January's 1701 cohorts are 46% full on the backend and 28% full on the front-end

### Student Demographics

Our 1610 cohort starting today is:

* 40% women
* 22% people of color
* 5% veterans

Some jobs held by students prior to joining Turing include teacher, financial analyst, marketing manager, cook, business owner, and aircraft mechanic.

### Student Recruitment

* This last weekend our Try Turing event had over 40 attendees
* Based on past results, those Try Turing people will fill the November and
partially fill the January cohorts
* We are hosting a one-day Try Turing in Kansas City on October 22nd.
* Next Denver Try Turing is December 3-4 and will include child care.
* We are underwriting on Colorado Public Radio this month, sponsoring Science Fridays.
* Turing will be attending the NoCo Mini Maker Faire this weekend showcasing a live Game Time arcade and a USB Typewriter.

Most importantly, we were finally approved by the Veterans Administration to
accept GI Bill benefits. We're excited that Turing can now be more accessible
to veterans and their families.

## Student Employment with Lia James

### Jobs & Job Hunters

- 22 graduates hunting for their first job offer
- Of those, 9 graduated in the most recent cohort
- 12 graduated with the previous cohort
- 5 students are near or over 90 days of job hunting post-graduation
- The 21 students in Module 4 begin job hunting this week
- A total of 43 job hunters

Some of our recent jobs include:

* Jeneve Parish - Brandzooka
* Ilana Corson - Turing
* Ashwin Rao - Alien Vault
* Patrick Hardy - Aetna
* Erinna Chen - Springleaf Finance/iLoans
* Brian Rippeto - Looplist
* Ling Tran - Thoughtworks
* Marina Corona - CaptainU
* Claudia Kiesenhofer - CaptainU
* Charles Ellison - CaptainU
* Jordan Lawler - Junior
* James Crockett - PatientsLikeMe
* Robbie Jager - Turing
* Taylor Moore - Turing

## Staffing with Jeff Casimir

You heard about Brittany, Robbie, Taylor, Kris, Ilana, and Lauren already on the
instructional teams. In addition:

* Meg Stewart has joined full-time as the Employment Coordinator to support Lia on the jobs team.
* Amy Stokke has joined part-time as the Facilities Coordinator to help manage all these offices
* Joanne Liu will be back from maternity leave mid-module but working remotely into November
* Jorge Téllez will be heading out on paternity leave mid-module

We'll also continue to have a few candidates in to teach sample lessons this module and would love your feedback.

## Facilities

We've experimented a bit with a student-accessible system for posting and
discussing facilities and other operations ideas or issues. In the next week we'll
roll out a system/plan for that for the long-term.

### Guaranty Bank Building

#### Basement aka The Permanent Space

* Lease and permits done, contractors selected, finishes ordered
* Everyone is planning on January 2nd availability

#### Suite 300

* Have access now approximately 7am-6pm
* Front door of the building has a security guard but you can just walk in during normal hours
* Front door of the building accessible with white security card in some other hours
* Suite locks/unlocks with a traditional key. Unlock is a push-button.
* No special access/keys needed for students
* Has decent accessible wifi “ZRG Guest” which is next door and ok to use (the building ownership group)
* Fiber line ordered from Forethought.net and trying for an ASAP install. Some
wiring is taking place today and hope to have it up by the end of the week.

#### Other Plans

It is likely the case that the building will let us borrow another space (free) to use as a classroom for the module Nov-Jan or until the basement is ready.

## Closing

### Holiday Calendar

Take note of the calendar for the next few months:

* The week of November 14-18 is Intermission Week
* The week of November 21-25 we're off for Thanksgiving
* For Winter holidays we have just six days off: December 26 to January 2
* Class resumes on January 3

### Evening Events

You're strongly encouraged to join two events this week:

Tomorrow we'll host Steve Case's "Rise of Rest Tour" in the morning. In the evening there's a pitch event with free food and drink -- we'd love to see 100 Turing people there. RSVP: https://nvite.com/riseofrest/denver

Then Thursday evening we'll have Demos for our top projects from last module. It'll take place at 5:30pm at the Point Gallery at 765 Santa Fe. Students from both programs and all modules are *strongly* encouraged to attend and celebrate the great work.
