# State of Turing

## Back-End Program with Josh Mejia

### 1605

- Started with 21 students
- 1 left early for employment
- 15 have graduated

Needs updating...

- 4 have the option to repeat
- 1 is pending

### 1606

- Started M3 with 16 students
- Starting M4 with 14 + ??? (repeaters)
- 2 students are repeating

### 1608

- Started M2 with 18 students
- All 18 are moving on to M3
- They'll be joined with 2 students repeating for a total of 20 students

### 1610

- Started M1 with 25
- 5 are repeating
- 20 are moving on to M2

### 1611

- Starts with 25 new students
- With the 5 students repeating there will be a total of 30 students to begin M1

### Staffing

- Module 1 is anchored by Beth with Mike and Ilana supporting
- Module 2 is Anchored by Casey with Sal supporting
- Module 3 is anchored by Josh with Lauren and Sally supporting
- Module 4 is anchored by Andrew with Jeff supporting
- Nate is playing the role of Swiss army knife and will help wherever we need it

## Front-End Program with Steve Kinney

### 1606

- Started Module 3 with 15 students.
- All 15 moved on to Module 4.
- Some students will likely leave the program early due to employment opportunities.

### 1608

- 17 students started Module 2.
- 16 students move on to Module 3.
- 1 student repeating.

### 1610

- 21 students entered Module 1.
- 18 students will move onto Module 2.
- 1 student will take an inning off.
- 2 students will repeat the module.
- 1 student will join 1610 after taking a module off.

### 1611

- 1611 starts with 20 students.
- 18 new students.
- Joined by 2 students from 1610.

### Staffing

- Alex Tideman and Nathaniel Foster join as Assistant Instructors.
- Module 1 is anchored by Louisa with support from Bree and Robbie.
- Module 2 is anchored by Jhun with support from Meeka.
- Module 3 is anchored by Brenna with support from Taylor, Nathaniel, Steve, and Jeff.
- Module 4 is anchored by Steve with support from Alex.

## Enrollments & Admissions with Erin Williams

### Enrollments Snapshot

### Student Demographics

### Student Recruitment

## Student Employment with Lia James

### Job Hunters

- 28 graduates hunting for their first job offer
- Of those, 14 graduated in the most recent cohort
- 7 graduated with the previous cohort
- 7 students are near or over 90 days of job hunting post-graduation
- The 12 students in Module 4 begin job hunting this week
- A total of 40 job hunters
- 5 of those 40 job hunters are currently in negotiations

### Recent Jobs

Some of our recent accepted jobs include:

* Anna Weisbrodt - CodeTheory
* Nick Piscotta - Thoughtworks
* Nick Dorans - Semantic Arts
* Kerry Sheldon - The Rockies
* Roberta Doyle - Unsplash
* Mark Miranda - DagonIt
* Edgar Duran - DagonIt
* Kami Doers - SkillJar
* Heidi Hoopes - Aetna/iTriage

## Staffing with Jeff Casimir

We're thankfully slowing down on staff changes. This inning:

* Alex Tideman, a Turing alum, joined the front end team where he'll be bringing solid JavaScript and React experience to the upper modules
* Nathaniel Foster joins the front-end program after years of building software, most recently building mobile apps with JavaScript via Cordova
* Jorge Téllez will be returning from paternity leave during the module

## Facilities

### Guaranty Bank Building

#### Basement aka The Permanent Space

* All is on-track with the new space
* We expect to move into the new space during the next intermission week

#### Suite 300

* Continue to use S300
* Home to Front-End Mod 4
* Also used for guest speakers

#### Conference Room

* Across the street from GBank at 1401 17th Street
* Just a single room that'll be used by Front-End Mod 3

#### Other Places

* Gusto and the Basement stay as-is during this module

## Closing

* Reminder that we'll be closed on Friday the 23rd and Monday the 2nd
* We won't be affected by MLK day because it falls on the intermission week
* Both programs at "full-size"
* Hopefully the last module of being spread out across buildings
* Our first Second Shift course starts in January
