# State of Turing

## Back-End Program with Josh Mejia

### 1602

* 1602 started Module 4 with 21 students
* 20 students graduated
* 1 student has transferred to Front-end Mod 2

### 1603

* 1603 started Module 3 with 17 students
* 4 students are repeating Module 3
* 1 student is taking a module off
* 1603 starts Module 4 with 13 students

### 1605

* 1605 started Module 2 with 20 students
* 1 student took a leave of absence and is joining 1606-B
* 19 students moved to Module 3
* 3 students joined from 1603
* 1605 starts Module 3 with 22 students

### 1606-B

* 1606 started with 20 students
* 15 students are moving on to BE Mod 2
* 2 students are transferring to FEE
* 2 students are repeating
* 1 student is taking a leave of absence
* 2 students are rejoining the program
* 1606-B starts Module 2 with 17 students

### 1608-B

* 1608 starts this week with 23 new students
* 2 students are repeating the module
* 1 student is returning from a leave of absence
* All together the group is 26

### Staffing

## Front-End Program with Steve Kinney

### 1608

* 1608 starts this week with 21 students
* 18 new students and 3 students who transfered from the Back-End program

### 1606

* All 16 students advanced from Module 1 to Module 2
* 1606 will be joined by one student previously in Module 4 of the Back-End Program
* All together, the group is 17 students

### Staffing

* "Spirit Team" is effectively dissolved as Brenna and Jhun join the Front-End team full time.
* Brenna and Jhun have been promoted from TAs to Assistant Instructors and will be teaching lessons and writing curriculum for the front-end program.
* Mark joins the Front-End Program as the student support fellow for this module
* All four instructors will share teaching responsibilities across the two modules.
  * Louisa will anchor Module 1
  * Steve will anchor Module 2

## Enrollments & Admissions with Erin Williams

### Enrollments Snapshot

* The 1608 back-end cohort begins with 26 and 2 on a waiting list.
* The 1608 front-end cohort begins with 21 and 2 on a waiting list.
* The 1610 backend cohort is full with a waiting list. Front-end has 14 students and is expected to start with about 18.
* Total new student enrollment for October will be between 43 and 48. 
* 1611 has 14 enrolled total.
* 10 students are already enrolled for 2017 cohorts. 


### Student Recruitment

* Our second Try Turing was radically successful, yielding 23 accepted students
* Our next Try Turing will be in Fort Collins August 27-28, and the next Denver one will be October 1-2. 
* This summer Turing had tables at career fairs, the Afrikmall Carnival and the Denver International Festival.
* We will be advertising on the radio on Jammin 101.5 for the next few weeks, culminating in an on-site event where Jammin 101.5 will broadcast live from Turing on September 10. 
* Our next major recruitment event will be the NoCo Mini Maker Faire in Loveland CO, which is the launch event for Colorado Maker Week. 

(Need more info to update this part) 

* We expect final approval from the VA by the end of the module and can start accepting GI Bill funding shortly thereafter

## Student Employment with Lia James

### Jobs & Job Hunters

We currently have:

* 29 graduates hunting for their first job offer
* Of those 19 graduated in the most recent cohort
* 7 graduated with the previous cohort
* 3 students are near or over 90 days of job hunting post-graduation
* The 12 students in Module 4 begin job hunting this week
* A total of 41 job hunters

### Goals & Notes

* Overall hiring has picked up in the last few weeks as summer wraps up
* We're seeing an increasing number of students getting/evaluating multiple offers
* We are working to develop more partnerships for mid/end fall
* We are reworking how we run PR and outreach to better connect with employers
* We are developing a Professional Development track to increase employment strategies for students earlier in the program to increase offers by graduation
* Continue to have good public conversation about our outcomes report and overall transparency initiative

## Staffing with Jeff Casimir

Staffing changes from the last inning include:

(Jeff: staffing changes)

Overall that has us with:

(Jeff: update)

* A total staff of 23
* 17 are full-time
* 6 are part-time or short-term
* 14 women, 9 men

We're currently looking for:

* ~5 lead and supporting instructors for the front end program
* ~1-2 supporting instructors or anchors for the back-end program
* considering an instructional coach
* considering a personal/executive assistant

## What’s Next

(Jeff: update )

* We're about to sign the lease on the space at 17th and Market. The plan is
for October 1 but realistically it'll be a few weeks later
* We're making plans for the temporary space between now and then
* Tuition will be rising to $20,000 for persons who sign a contract after the last day of this module
* We've implemented and will soon be talking about a new compensation structure for employees
* Questions?
