# State of Turing

## Back-End Program with Josh Mejia

### 1606

* Started with 14 students
* All 14 graduated

### 1608

* Started with 20 students
* 1 student left the program
* 19 students are moving on to Module 4

### 1610

* Started with 20 students
* All 20 are moving on to Module 3

### 1611

* Started with 30 students
* 5 have left the program
* 7 are repeating
* 18 are moving on to Module 2

### 1701

* Starts with 24 new students
* With 7 students repeating there is a total of 31 students in Module 1

### Staffing

- Module 1 is anchored by Beth with Lauren and Ilana supporting
- Module 2 is anchored by Andrew with Sal supporting
- Module 3 is coanchored by Casey and Josh with Sally supporting
- Module 4 is anchored by Jeff with Nate and Mike supporting

## Front-End Program with Meeka Gayhart

### 1606

- Started with 15
- 2 left early for jobs

### 1608

- Started with 15
- All 15 are moving on

### 1610

- Started with 18
- 1 repeating
- 1 dropped

### 1611

- Started with 19
- 3 repeating
- 3 taking an inning off

### 1701

- Starting with 26

### Staffing

- Module 1 is co-anchored by Louisa and Bree with Robbie Supporting
- Module 2 is anchored by Jhum with Nathaniel Supporting
- Module 3 is anchored by Brenna with Taylor Supporting
- Module 4 is co-anchored by Meeka and Alex with Brittany Supporting (and Jeff occasionally sneaking in) 

## Enrollments & Admissions with Erin Williams

### Enrollments Snapshot

- 1701 Back End begins with 24 new students.
- 1701 Front End begins with 22 new students.
- 1703 Back End is full with 26 new students enrolled.
- 1703 Front End is 50% full with 12 students enrolled.
- 1705 is 17% full with 8 students enrolled. 

### Student Demographics

The following are based on students who responded to the optional demographic survey:

- 21% of students in 1701 identify as a person of color. 
- 39% are women.
- 17% identify as LGBT.
- 7% are veterans of the armed forces.
- Some previous jobs include cab driver, horticulturalist, teacher, geologist, VP Marketing, operations manager, and librarian.

### Student Recruitment

- We will be hosting 1-2 Try Coding events every inning.
- 48 people are signed up for this upcoming weekend, January 28th and 29th. 
- Our next event will be a front-end only Saturday on February 18th. 
- Second Shift, our evening class, begins its first session tomorrow, and will run for 6 weeks on Tuesday and Thursday evenings. 

## Student Employment with Lia James

### Job Hunters
* 39 graduates hunting for their first job offer
* Of those, 23 graduated in the most recent cohort
* 9 graduated with the previous cohort
* 7 students are near or over 90 days of job hunting post-graduation

### Recent Jobs

Some of our recent jobs include:
* Granicus (Denver) hired: 
  * Drew Thompson
  * Tommasina Miller
  * Greg Armstrong (alum on second job)
  * Susi Irwin (Offer received week 1 of mod 4)
* Cognizant (nationwide) hired:
  * Chris Concannon
  * Paul Nguyen (mid-mod 4)
* Thoughtworks (Chicago) hired:
  * Nick Pisciotta
  * Erin Greenhalgh
* GoSpotCheck (Denver) hired:
  * Jean Joeris
  * Lucy Fox
* Ryan Batty accepted Semantic Arts (Fort Collins)
* Roberta Doyle accepted Unsplash (remote)
* Anna Weisbrodt accepted CodeTheory (Seattle)
* Kerry Sheldon accepted The Rockies (Denver)
* Ryan Flach accepted Elastic Suite (Denver)
* Brett Hevia accepted WillowTree (Virginia)
* Pat Wentz accepted 8th Light (Chicago)
* Sonia Gupta accepted Tokken (Denver)


## Staffing with Jeff Casimir

This inning we've got a bunch of people changing responsibilities:

* Erin Williams goes from Admissions & Enrollment Coordinator to Admissions & Enrollment Manager
* Jorge Téllez has returned from paternity leave back to his role as the Director of Growth & Operations
* Ellen Mary Hickmann goes from Instructional Development Manager to Director of Professional Learning
* Steve Kinney goes on leave for a module
* Meeka Gayhart goes from Instructor to Director of Front End Engineering
* Brenna Martenson goes from Assistant Instructor to Associate Instructor
* Jhun de Andres goes from Assistant Instructor to Associate Instructor
* Louisa Barrett goes from Instructor to Instructor & Design Curriculum Lead
* Sal Espinosa goes from Teaching Assistant to Assistant Instructor
* Lauren Fazah goes from Teaching Assistant to Associate Instructor
* Beth Sebian goes from Assistant Instructor to Associate Instructor & Gear Up Lead
* Andrea Moreno, formerly Chief of Staff, has departed
* Amy Stokke, formerly Facilities Coordinator, has departed

What will probably stand out to you most is that Steve, having spent most of the last year working way far too many hours to launch the front-end program, is taking a well deserved break for the whole inning. Meeka will be stepping into both the Director role and laying out the vision for Front-End Mod 4.

## Facilities

### Guaranty Bank Building

* White boards are still on their way
* Bathrooms still being finished, hopefully tomorrow
* In the meantime, Floor 3 is the best bet with Floor 9 as backup
* Still lots of small things to setup / wire up / etc
* Your help is welcome, please just check-in with a staff member
* Let us know if you spot WiFi "deadspots"
* Please don't prop hallway doors
* Security cards will be handed out during classes today
* Rachel Martinez is a great point person for facilities questions

#### 1510 Blake & Gusto & Suite 300 & The Conference Room

All our other spaces are closed at this point.

## 2017 Achievements with Jeff Casimir

I've laid out a set of 10 achievements that we'll work towards this year. [We'll quickly go over them now](https://github.com/turingschool/outcomes/blob/master/achievements/2017-year-end.markdown) and report on progress each inning.

## Closing

* Thanks for your flexibility and support this week
* Please be extra encouraged to introduce yourself to people you don't know
* Thank you for being students
