# State of Turing

## Back-End Program with Josh Mejia

### 1608

* Started Mod 4 with 19 students
* 17 students have graduated
* 2 are pending graduation

### 1610

* Started Mod 3 with 20 students
* 1 student took time off
* 1 student left the program
* 18 students moving on to Mod 4

### 1611

* Started Mod 2 with 18 students
* 1 student is taking time off
* 1 student is rejoining after taking time off
* 18 students are moving on to Mod 3

### 1701

* Started Mod 1 with 30 students
* 3 students are repeating
* 2 left the program
* 25 students moving on to Mod 2

### 1703

* 23 new students
* With 3 repeaters, starting Mod 1 with 26 students

### Staffing

Ali Schlereth is joining the team as a Teaching Assistant

* Module 1 - Lauren is anchoring with Mike and Josh supporting
* Module 2 - Andrew is anchoring with Beth supporting
* Module 3 - Sal is anchoring with Ali supporting and special guests stars including Meeka and Jorge
* Module 4 - Casey is anchoring with Nate and Ilana supporting

## Front-End Program with Meeka Gayhart

### 1608

- Started with 15
- 2 left early for jobs
- 1 student opted to finish but not pursue graduation
- 12 graduated

### 1610

- Started with 18
- All 18 completed the mod
- 1 left early for a job
- 1 passed, taking a module off
- 1 student rejoining after taking time off
- 17 moving to mod 4

### 1611

- Started with 14
- 1 dropped
- 13 moving on to mod 3

### 1701

- Started with 25
- 5 students repeating
- 1 student dropped
- 1 student rejoining after taking time off
- 20 moving on to mod 2

### 1703

- Starting with 23

### Staffing

- Module 1 is co-anchored by Louisa and Bree with Robbie Supporting
- Module 2 is anchored by Jhun with Nathaniel Supporting
- Module 3 is anchored by Brenna with Taylor & Brittany Supporting
- Module 4 is anchored by Alex with Meeka & Brittany Supporting

## Enrollments & Admissions with Erin Williams

### Enrollments Snapshot

 - 1703 BE is starting with 23 new students.
 - 1703 FE is starting with 18 new students. 
 - 29 students are enrolled in 1705, between both programs.
 - 10 students are enrolled in 1706. 
 
### Student Demographics

Of those who completed the survey:

 - 29% of incoming 1703 students identify as People of Color.
 - 37.5% identify as women. 
 - 16% identify as LGBTQ.
 - 16% are parents.
 - Most recent jobs include massage therapist, bartender, criminal defense attorney, several project managers, and even a few software engineers. 
 
### Student Recruitment

 - This weekend's Try Coding/ Try Turing has 44 signed up, will likely fill to capacity of 60. 
 - Currently running campaigns with NPR and El Semanario, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
 
## Student Employment with Lia James

Job Hunters

Recent Jobs

### Job Hunters

* 51 graduates hunting for their first job offer
* Of those, 24 graduated in the most recent cohort
* 16 graduated with the previous cohort
* 11 students are near or over 90 days of job hunting post-graduation

### Recent Jobs

During the last inning 15 students accepted jobs including:

* Jesse Spevack accepted with iBotta
* Matt Kaufman accepted with Concept3D
* Ali Schlereth accepted with Turing
* Lacey Knaff accepted with Cultivator Advertising and Design
* Nate Venn accepted with Marca Global
* Jared Roth accepted with Airspace Technologies
* Jeff Duked accepted with EffectiveUI
* Blake Worsley accepted with Trelora
* Ryan Travitz accepted with AllState

## Other Bits & Pieces with Jeff Casimir

* After one module, we're mostly settled into the new office. Yay!
* Sally MacNicholas finished up her time on staff and is looking for a gig in Nashville
* Robbie Jaeger was promoted to Assitant Instructor
* Alex Tideman was promoted to Associate Instructor
* Data reporting for 2016 is close to release with the new CIRR framework
* We'll also publish data under our own definitions/framework
* Questions
